you guys voted for him the dead man
Undertaker her son
ripping is the devil's favorite devil
Sun Devils greatest advocate I'm not
take her they're only two left
hna this is from SummerSlam 1994
Undertaker which is really cool because
he doesn't have his tattoos yet which is
sick that's what really makes this
figure interesting but it's really
basically a basic version of the elite
23 version you can see here though they
fix the tonality of the bluish purple
and the face paint is not as good on the
basic there there isn't much application
other than that they're quite the same I
can't look at those sleeves they're all
ripped no rip sleeves that's really nice
detail no dots on the boots so
SummerSlam in 1994 was Undertaker versus
Undertaker I thought it would be really
cool if they had like a cheese variant
with the great colors for his gloves and
blue bottoms but nope they didn't do
that they missed an opportunity to have
the second Undertaker for the SummerSlam
heritage series articulation you can't
really move his arms up because of the
slow leaves you can see sure you can
because there are no sleeves but I think
the sleeves were a nice part to keep it
kind of different from this Undertaker
from the Elite Series and the great
contemporaries and it's great to have
both of them I suggest picking up both
because
and I said they're different and they
are different and maybe if you want you
can paint one of them grace you can do
Undertaker versus Undertaker from
SummerSlam 1994 let me take you here the
Bohr nice not a poor where is he oh all
right
who do you want guys you are a or you on
Triple H and you want me to unbox
Undertaker again just kidding
which of those two you wanna see me
unbox let me know in the comments guys
when the night goes down